chore(sdk): improve npm documentation (#4205)
iotaledger/iota: sdk/bcs/README.md

# BCS - Binary Canonical Serialization

> BCS is part of the **IOTA Rebased SDK**, designed specifically for interacting with the IOTA Rebased protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@iota/bcs` is part of the **IOTA Rebased SDK**, designed specifically for interacting with the IOTA Rebased protocol.
```

> > **Note**: This package is currently supported in **only in Testnet and Devnet**, and is **not yet supported in Mainnet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: This package is currently supported **only in Testnet and Devnet**, it is **not yet supported in Mainnet**.
```

> > **Note**: This technology is currently available **only on Testnet and Devnet**, and is **not yet supported on Mainnet**.

Reviewer 2: **technology** sounds weird

```suggestion
> **Note**: This package is currently only supported in **Testnet and Devnet**, and is **not yet supported in Mainnet**.
```

same for the rest
